Database bootstrapping instructions (#1738)
geeksforsocialchange/PlaceCal: doc/setting-up-postgres.md

# Postgres guide

Here is a quick run down on how to set up postgres

Feel free to skip, laugh or feedback if you actually know already how to postgres.

> I would recommend using the system postgres for your OS as it has proven to be relatively stable once set up. (not the docker route. it seems easier but you can get problems if you have a mismatched server / client / dev libraries then you'll have to sort those out on your own)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can either use the system postgres for your OS which is relatively stable once set up, or you can use docker. Docker can be easier to set up but you can also run into problems if you have mismatched server / client / dev libraries .
```

1. Install postgres and postgres development libraries for your platform
   Based on your OS

- linux
  - [fedora](https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/quick-docs/postgresql/)
  - [ubuntu/debian](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-install-postgresql-on-debian-10/)
- mac os

>   - don't use the app!

Reviewer 2: why? i use it and its great?

>   - don't use the app!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Postgres.app (https://postgresapp.com/) If you use this, be aware, it can cause problems when synchronising versions between the app postgres, the client postgres and the build dependency postgres.
```

  - probably [homebrew](https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/Homebrew), but that is a whole procedure on its own
- windows

>   - no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Windows installer](https://www.postgresql.org/download/windows/)
```
